Purging Lights Technology - Code of Conduct
v. 0.0.1
(c) 2024 - Current :: Purging Light Technologies and CONTRIBUTORS

Mission ::

To provide an open source Code of Conduct (CoC) that can be applied to any Purging
Light Technologies Project to govern the actions of Purging Light Technologies,
it's CONTRIBUTORS, and it's community.

Governance ::

Any project using this CoC shall set forth the following governance to comply with
the needs to enforce this CoC within the community ::
  1. The project shall assign a CoC board consisting of a diverse cross-section of
  the community. This board shall consist of no less than three individuals and shall
  always have an odd number of members to provide for tie breakers.
  2. The project shall assign a CoC appeals board that follows the same guidelines as
  the CoC board and adds an extra guideline that an entity shall not hold a position on
  both the CoC board and the CoC appeals board.
  3. The CoC board and appeals board shall follow the guidelines outlined in the CoC
  Governing Bodies Guidelines included with this CoC.

Violations ::

Consequences for violation of this CoC shall be determined by the CoC board following the
CoC Governing Bodies Guidelines, and can include but is not limited to ::
  1. Warnings
  2. Limiting access to the projects public and private assets
  3. Banning access to the projectts public and private assets

All consequences can be appealed to the CoC Appeals Board, bowever be aware that during the
appeal process your limited access, or banned access will continue to be in effect until a
decision is made on your appeal.

Code of Conduct Body ::

I :: Access to Assets

To comply with a true open community at no time shall the project deny access to any entity
for any reason, except for violation of the CoC.

2 :: Unauthorized Access to Assets

At no time shall any entity provide workarounds nor backdoors nor any other measures for
unauthorized entities to gain authorized access to project assets.

NOTE :: This is one of the few rules that if violated will result in a complete ban to all project
assets.  All assets provided by the offender shall be immediately frozen, regardless if they contain
contributions from other entities.  All assets will be thoroughly reviewed through a security review
process, and any and all entities associated with the violating code shall be put on Limited Access
pending a full security review.

3 :: Multipolar Community

At no time shall any entity covered by the CoC engage in any action that constitutes the violation
of the inevitable truth that we live in a multipolar world.  At no time shall any entity be sidelined
from participating in the project's private and public assets based on their nationality or their
political and moral beliefs.  At no time shall an entity engage in any act to limit the participation
of any entity based on anything other than a violation of this CoC.

4 :: Humanity First

  4.a :: At no time shall any entity cause descrimination against another entity for any reason, in any
  capacity (this includes private and public means of communication).  This includes descrimination
  against an entity based on Pernsonal Identifiable Information (sexual orientation, religion, politics,
  nationality, marital status, etc...)
